Add config changes to upgrade guide (#7662)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/upgrading/_index.md

The name of this metric was changed to `loki_internal_log_messages_total` to reduce ambiguity. The previous name is still present but is deprecated.

#### Usage Report  / Telemetry config has changed named

> The `usage_report` config for configuring if and how annonymous usage statistics are reported back to Grafana has changes from `usage_report` to `analytics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration for anonymous usage statistics reporting to Grafana has changed from `usage_report` to `analytics`.
```

#### TLS `cipher_suites` and `tls_min_version` have moved

> These were previoulsy configurable under `server.http_tls_config` and `server.grpc_tls_config` separately. They are now only configurable under `server.tls_cipher_suites` and `server.tls_min_version`. These values are also now configurable for individual clients, for example `distributor.ring.etcd` or `querier.ingester_client.grpc_client_config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These were previously configurable under `server.http_tls_config` and `server.grpc_tls_config` separately. They are now under `server.tls_cipher_suites` and `server.tls_min_version`. These values are also now configurable for individual clients, for example: `distributor.ring.etcd` or `querier.ingester_client.grpc_client_config`.
```

#### Querier `query_timeout` default changed

> The previous default of `querier.query_timeout` of `1m` has changed to `0s`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous default value for `querier.query_timeout` of `1m` has changed to `0s`.
```
